---
sidebar_label: 'Synchrony'
sidebar_position: 3
---
# Synchrony
## 3.1 The Platform
Synchrony is an on-chain copy-trading and composable indexing protocol facilitated by a marketplace explorer. The purpose of Synchrony is to help users automate their portfolio management and research process while also providing a suite of tools that new users and industry professionals will both benefit from. 

### 3.1.1 On-Chain
Synchrony is completely on-chain. All data, computations and transactions take place on the Solana blockchain.

### 3.1.2 Synchronicity
Synchrony utilizes decentralised synchronization, anyone can perform a rebalance on any pool as long as a pool has exceeded a weight threshold or its rebalance interval has elapsed. Users are incentivized to do so via a share of the fees generated by the pool.

### 3.1.3 Modularity
Each of Synchrony’s indices are standalone, and an instance of any particular configuration of an index exists as a pool. This not only allows pools to be composed of multiple indices, but utilization by other protocols.

### 3.1.4 Composability
Each of Synchrony’s pools can be composed of any number of indices. The one restriction Synchrony imposes upon pools is that they must be composed and managed by an index. This ensures safety of the underlying assets without the need for KYC or restrictions on the strategies a pool initializer can implement.

### 3.1.5 Non-Custodial & Collateralized
Synchrony does not own any assets in any of the pools that the protocol manages. The user always owns their assets. Furthermore, no one controls the pool and no one can transact on the pool’s underlying assets, only the smart contract has the authority to do so, and it may only do so within the parameters of its index(es).

### 3.1.6 Fungible
Each pool token represents a share of the pool’s underlying assets, therefore each pool token has a value and can be traded or swapped for tokens of equal value. A token’s value is determined by the value of all the assets in the pool divided by the number of outstanding tokens, this is also known as the net asset value (NAV).

## 3.2 ‌Core Principles

### 3.2.1 Intention-First
The user’s intention is our top priority. Most users do not care if they are yield farming, staking, or liquidity minin; they care about having their money work harder for them. And they want it to work in a way that is meaningful and understandable.

### 3.2.2 Trustless
Synchrony is completely trustless, not trust-minimized.  Trustless is synonymous with decentralised: there are no single points of failure, there are no vectors through which an entity can abuse its position i.e. trust is not required. 

Synchrony achieves this through the use of indexes; only the index may manage a pool and transact on its underlying assets. Each instance of an index is immutable; after they have been initialized their parameters cannot be changed.
“Indices do for asset management for blockchain and smart contracts do for transactions.”

### 3.2.3 Frictionless
 Blockchain is an evolving and nuanced technology that could easily be considered complicated. Just because what we are doing is complicated, does not mean it needs to be for the user. Synchrony focuses on reducing the actions needed to be taken by the user for them to accomplish their goals. This means reducing the amount of clicks needed and improving the information presented to the user.
